Faint King can actually export it into a chapter
Simply a wizard
This time Gussiqi
Very romantic
It can definitely be passed down through the ages
What a poem!
So-so.
The old man is here for you.
Come on show
Impossible. You wrote it for me
How can you make such a delicious meal?
It must be copied correctly
This is copied.
Copy the poems of Wenhua Su Dongpo
If you have the ability, you can try it too
Shi Sheng Su Dongpo
Never seen
That's because you are shallow.
What about your poetry?
I can't write it, you lose
I admit defeat
I've heard it before
This young man is prosperous
Elderly bone marrow emptiness
I've been looking for a chance to try it out
I'll cut you today
Somebody take it off for me
You you faint lord
Faint tyrant
You actually use living people as a career
You are worse than a dog
Heaven won't let you go
From the moment you colluded with the Japanese
You've already ignored people
Drag me down
drum pulp
Twilight Tyrant
Hahahahaha!